your mom would be so excited you're
going to her school gonna join her
sorority I'm not even hip dad
on a campus full of wannabes still the
fairest of them all incoming missile
Sydney White was an original retired
Prince fada president Sydney white no
title but in the house where everyone is
trying to fit in it's not always good to
stand out that girl is not catho
material I think she's cool
thank you I hereby dismiss Sydney white
from the Kappa pledge class you will
never be a Kappa
[Music]
you need a place to stay yeah guys this
is Sydney Sydney meet the guys now she
has the campus talking oh my god
Sydney's on the hot list this isn't
happening
a prince cording started thinking making
nervous no and seven outcast I helped by
out taking on the campus Queen oh do you
really want to spend the rest of your
college years powerless okay
no no we're gonna take the Greeks down
Universal Pictures and Morgan Creek
presents a comedy about teaming up to be
the elite I'm the last person you want
to mess with no you're the first
[Music]
the d white must die a social death
amanda Bynes is Sydney white
hey Terrance
[Music]
my turn
you